Refactor metric spaces (#1450)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/metric-spaces/indexed-sums-metric-spaces.lagda.md

open import metric-spaces.functions-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.isometries-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.limits-of-cauchy-approximations-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.locally-constant-functions-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.preimage-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.pseudometric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.reflexive-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.saturated-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.short-functions-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.similarity-of-elements-pseudometric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.symmetric-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.triangular-rational-neighborhoods
```

</details>

## Idea

The
{{#concept "indexed sum" Disambiguation="of a type family of metric spaces" Agda=Σ-Metric-Space}}
of a type family `P` of [metric spaces](metric-spaces.metric-spaces.md) over a
[set](foundation.sets.md) `A` is the metric space with underlying type `Σ A P`
and the [neighborhood relation](metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods.md) defined

> as:
> 
> `(x , Px)` is `d`-neighbor of `(y , Py)` if and only if `x` is
> [equal](foundation.identity-types.md) to `y` and the
> [transport](foundation.transport-along-identifications.md) of `Px` along this
> identification is a `d`-neighbor of `y` in `P y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by:

The pair `(x , x')` is a `d`-neighbor of `(y , y')` if and only if `x` is
[equal](foundation.identity-types.md) to `y` and the
[transport](foundation.transport-along-identifications.md) of `x'` along this
identification is a `d`-neighbor of `y'` in `P y`.
```

  neighborhood-prop-Σ-Metric-Space :
    Rational-Neighborhood-Relation (la ⊔ lp') type-Σ-Metric-Space
  neighborhood-prop-Σ-Metric-Space d (x , Px) (y , Py) =
    Σ-Prop
      ( Id-Prop
        ( A)
        ( x)
        ( y))
      ( λ e →
        neighborhood-prop-Metric-Space
        ( P y)
        ( d)
        ( tr (type-Metric-Space ∘ P) e Px)
        ( Py))

  is-reflexive-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space :
    is-reflexive-Rational-Neighborhood-Relation
      neighborhood-prop-Σ-Metric-Space
  is-reflexive-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space d (x , Px) =
    (refl , refl-neighborhood-Metric-Space (P x) d Px)

  is-symmetric-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space :
    is-symmetric-Rational-Neighborhood-Relation
      neighborhood-prop-Σ-Metric-Space
  is-symmetric-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space d (x , Px) (.x , Px') (refl , Nxx') =
    (refl , symmetric-neighborhood-Metric-Space (P x) d Px Px' Nxx')

  is-triangular-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space :
    is-triangular-Rational-Neighborhood-Relation
      neighborhood-prop-Σ-Metric-Space
  is-triangular-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space
    (x , Px) (.x , Px') (.x , Px'') d₁ d₂ (refl , K) (refl , H) =
    ( refl ,
      triangular-neighborhood-Metric-Space

>       ( P x)
>       ( Px)
>       ( Px')
>       ( Px'')
>       ( d₁)
>       ( d₂)
>       ( K)
>       ( H))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ( P x)
        ( Px)
        ( Px')
        ( Px'')
        ( d₁)
        ( d₂)
        ( K)
        ( H))
```

      is-saturated-neighborhood-Σ-Metric-Space)

  is-tight-pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space :
    is-tight-Pseudometric-Space pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space
  is-tight-pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space (x , Px) (y , Py) H =
    eq-pair-Σ
      ( x=y)
      ( eq-sim-Metric-Space
        ( P y)
        ( tr (type-Metric-Space ∘ P) x=y Px)
        ( Py)
        ( λ δ →
          tr
            ( λ e →
              neighborhood-Metric-Space
                ( P y)
                ( δ)
                ( tr (type-Metric-Space ∘ P) e Px)
                ( Py))
            ( all-eq-x=y δ)
            ( pr2 (H δ))))
    where

    x=y : x ＝ y
    x=y = pr1 (H one-ℚ⁺)

    all-eq-x=y :
      (δ : ℚ⁺) → pr1 (H δ) ＝ x=y
    all-eq-x=y δ =
      is-set-has-uip
        ( is-set-type-Set A)
        ( x)
        ( y)
        ( pr1 (H δ))
        ( x=y)

  is-extensional-pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space :
    is-extensional-Pseudometric-Space pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space
  is-extensional-pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space =
    is-extensional-is-tight-Pseudometric-Space
      pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space
      is-tight-pseudometric-space-Σ-Metric-Space

>   Σ-Metric-Space : Metric-Space (la ⊔ lp) (la ⊔ lp')

Reviewer: Since this is not the dependent sum operation in "the" category of  metric spaces
